What are you doing?
Do you want to fall in love with him?
He is human and you are medicine
Are you going to die?
But we all kissed.
Grandpa said that boys and girls are like
Oh, anyway, I'm going to get married
feudal thought
Get married with a kiss
Why and that was my first kiss
My first kiss in 24 years of being single
I actually asked you to send it to me.
Hey, we're on the same team
I bah such a big girl, you don't mind blushing
Let me tell you something.
Ancient men were macho
I like my wife the most
Sister, are you saying it too seriously?
You were too unguarded.
He also likes to use swords
He's still a bitch
Who are you?
How dare you shoot my granddaughter?